{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
Dear all,\
\
Thank you all for your great feedback and it\'92s wonderful to see how far everyone is getting with generating results! I look forward to seeing more. As expected, some things broke and I think we are honing in on something that is generally working for most. \
\
Attached are revised versions of files with known errors and the errors corrected.\'a0You only need to 
\f1\b replace the files
\f0\b0  in your working folder with the attached files. In \'931_main.R\'94, you will need revise or update the \'93Part 2\'94 defining globals that defines what your variable is.\
\
Videos links:\
* Talk with Renae on running multiple constructs simultaneously after data are already imputed: https://youtu.be/UJHFExbSoeM\
* Running a separate construct after data are imputed: https://youtu.be/FQHnKw-g0UQ\
\
\cf0 \
I\'92ll be connecting with a few of you on construct specific issues. As always, please let me know if you have any questions and I\'92ll get back to you as soon as I can.\
\
Have a great day,\
Noah\
\
\
\
\
\cf2 Notes on errors.\cf0 \
\
\cf2 * In "1_main.R", I flipped the exposure/outcome order for the ending of the focal variable, lines 35-36 should be:\cf0 \
\
\cf2 \uc0\u8194 \u8194 \u8194 \u8194 \u8194 \u8194 # Variable ends in "_Y2" -->> outcome-wide analysis: Wave 2 variable predicts many OUTCOMES at wave 3\cf0 \
\cf2 \uc0\u8194 \u8194 \u8194 \u8194 \u8194 \u8194 # Variable ends in "_Y3" -->> exposure-wide analysis: Wave 3 variable is predicted by many EXPOSURES at wave 2\cf0 \
\
* In \'931_main.R\'94, line 69, there was a typo for the name of the file that does the recoding, it should be:\
	source(\'933_recoding_data.R\'94)\
\
\cf2 * In "5_run_analysis.R" for outcome-wide analyses (focal variable ends in "_Y2", line 49 is missing a "-", leading to "ERROR: predictor.vec cannot be found"; this is because predictor.vec is supposed to be defined at this line. Line 49 should be:\cf0 \
\cf2 \uc0\u8194 \u8194 \u8194 \u8194 \u8194 \u8194 predictor.vec <- FOCAL_VARIABLE\cf0 \
\
\cf2 * In "5_run_analysis.R" at the very last line of code, there is a typo "paaste0" which should be "paste0". The corrected line is:\
\
	readr::write_rds( meta.results, file = here::here("results-supp", paste0("0_meta_analyzed_results_supp_cca_mod2_", paste0(FOCAL_VARIABLE, collapse = "_"), ".rds")), compress = "gz")}